So here we are.
We made it to the final editing project of this entire journey in course, and just experience that
we've been on together.
So in this chapter, what we're going to do is actually hold on, I have some slides for this.
Now that you're editing me editing.
Yeah, let's do this.
We're going to get started here with something really fun.
We're going to take all of the beginner, intermediate and advanced techniques that we learned together.
And we're going to use that.
Is this a typo?
Advanced techniques and creating a demo reel?
Oh, I don't know if that's Tibo or not, but we're going to take everything that we've learned, advanced,
you know, medium hard, all this stuff, expert.
And we're going to create a demo reel.
Now, a demo reel and show reel are two interchangeable terms that are basically a compilation or a
montage of all of your best videos, all of your best shots.
If you're an actor and actress, a demo reel or a show reel is all of your best acting edited into one
video.
So if you have three hundred hours of videos, you edit that all into one three minute or one one minute
If you're an editor, it's all your best editing.
If you're a cinematographer, it's all your favorite cinematic shots in one video.
So you can use this as almost like a digital resume for whatever skill set or whatever area of work
or type of job that you have.
You can use a demo reel to.
Yeah, showcase the best of what you have to offer.
So it's an amazing tool to use to get clients to get work, to get higher paying budgets and a lot of
great tools, a lot of great aspects that you can use it for.
So you're going to follow along with me on this final lesson, and we're going to create your demo.
Now, what I want you to do is gather the final exports of your favorite videos that you have.
It can be a culmination of whatever line of work that you work in, or it could be, you know, all
of the edits that we've created together.
You can now edit those new edits that you created into this Magu.
Amazing, super, ultra awesome.
Demario edit.
Now, I want you to gather all that footage together, and then I want you to bring it into your editing
software where we're going to pull the selects on that content.
We're going to choose the proper music.
We're going to create our rough edit and we're going to refine it and add some awesome final touches.
Then at the end of the chapter, you can export and share your video URL that you uploaded online in
the student Q&A for feedback for me and your fellow students.
So now this is the home stretch.
This is I wanted to put this at the end because I felt like it was going to be a really cool way to
just put in all the work that we made together.
And for you to walk away with now a demo reel that's basically.
Yeah, a compilation of all the amazing tips and tricks and tools that you've learned in this course.
Now, you can walk away with this amazing thing, which is a lot better than a certificate.
It's an actual piece of art and work that you've created.
So in the next video lessons, we're going to hop into the step by step on creating your demo real.
So gather your footage and I will see you in the next video lesson.